Speaker 1  0:00  
Hello. Okay, so I want to develop an application. It can be a web application and an mobile app, which can work in both iPhone and Android. So I want to solve one problem. So my problem statement is I own a gym in India, in Hyderabad. Okay, and I have three trainers in my gym, so they will give personal workouts to the clients. So any client joins the gym, so one of the.. they will get assigned to one of the trainers, and that trainer, personal trainer, will give like two free sessions, and if the client satisfies and want to have a personal training, so he will sign up for the personal training to a trainer, so now same thing, like for other trainers also, same thing, like they each, each trainer will have maybe like seven 810 sometimes five, like I mean they will have clients, multiple clients throughout the day, so as an owner, I mean, first thing is, first as a trainer, he wants to track clients, like the timings of each client, so starting from the day till ending, so he wants to track the clients, like, okay, scheduling kind of, so this time client A, and next time is client B, that way he will have clear picture of what slots are available for new clients, and to plan his day to be available for the next coming cup client, so he wants to have a day scheduler, right, and he should be able to update his clients in this app, saying that whenever new clients join and pay a certain amount of money, he is sub, he should be able to update the payment date training start date ended date, and the money for the money he got for from that client, and whenever that session are like that, that month that he paid is is getting over the trainer and the owner is supposed to get the reminders to remind the client for the renewal, right, and that is high level for the client module. Sorry, not the client, but the trainer module, but for the owner, gym owner, he should be able, he's supposed to have a different login, which should have more access, like to manage all the trainers from the gym, like how each trainer is doing, like how many clients does the client one, sorry, trainer one trainer one has, and how many clients does the trainer two has, how many clients does the trainer three has, right? And also track the payments renewals, right, and most importantly, he needs to have one dashboard that the money that client pays towards the personal training is split between the trainer and the owner. Sometimes it depends on the trainer and gym to gym, it changes trainer to trainer, it changes. Some trainers may get a 40% of the the amount that client pays, and gym owner gets 60, and another scenario trainer gets five. 55 and gym owner gets 55 and another scenario could be 5050 like, like that owner, when the, when he is adding a trainer, he will update that, how much the trainer, how much percent will be the trainer getting that way, the numbers in the dashboard of the owner, the numbers should reflect how much money does the trainer is earning so far. What is the total money that trainer got for this month revenue, and the percentage of the trainer share and owner share, okay, and in the owner dashboard he also should have an option to enter the salary base salary for each trainer, like it could be different for each trainer, so when he opens the dashboard of any specific trainer, that should tell what is the base salary and how much money does the trainer earn it so far as his share, and how much money he contributed to the owner's share. So this is one problem statement I want to solve before that, right? The app, I mean, the app, I mean, I want to design for a long term, it has to be to manage the whole gym, it will have like multiple modules like personal training tracker is one just module, okay?

Speaker 1  6:46  
Like that, there'll be attendance module, there'll be multiple modules that I want to come up with, the check-in modules, like, how many for each client, how many check-ins today, so we'll go that later, but, but we, I want to start the app as a whole, and then plug in one module to track the personal trainings, so let me think, so when I mean the owner, administrator, or like the gym owner will will create the user ready passwords for the trainers, okay? And provide it to them for the first time, and once that each trainer will get its their own user ready passwords, and they can change it later, and once they log in with training account, so I have explained before that what modules he should be, I have what functionalities they should be having. Just to recap, or like thinking out loud again, the trainer should be able to enter his each client details like the existing clients to start with, when the each client joins, and how much he paid, something like that, and he should be able to drag, and he should be able to even get the reminders for the next when the next session is approaching in a nice way, and you also think practically, what could be other features, it's nice to have for a trainer to track his details and see if any dashboards would help him like most practical way to do this is a mobile app because in the gym the trainer is easy for the trainer to enter on demand, like whenever a trainer comes in, when the client joins, or like, I mean, phone, it's easy, it's always with them, so, so, yeah, that's the whole idea, so you also brainstorm and add any missing items if you can think of, and put it in a nice requirements way. Good to have functionalities, so, and yeah, that that's all for now. So we need to come up with this, is the basic idea, but, but we need to put more details around it, so, so you also think from your side, add all the. Nice to have features for the trainer. What details does the trainer is supposed to enter for the clients and his contact details, and yeah, all those details would be of myself, and I'm expecting very nice admin dashboard, so the end goal. What I'm thinking is right now I own a gym, so I want to implement in my own gym and see how it goes, and once it works out, I want to push that application to, I mean, of course, the application to be available for sale, either in the Apple Play Store or for Android devices too, and then once it satisfies our life, make improvements. The end goal here is to sell it to the other gym owners, either the gym owner can have one gym or he can have multiple gyms, so I want to come up with that idea of managing one gym or multiple gyms in a seamless way for the owner, that way owner buy the app for like these many trainers. Suppose I have a gym and I have three trainers, so I can buy an app for like five users. So I mean we can come up with that level later, but but I want to start with an app for the owner and with five users maximum that he can drag, and later we can put a limit that one owner and one trainer has a trial, and he satisfies he can continue purchasing it for the five users plan, or something, but but to start with, I want to come up with that limitation of one, and then once we add it to the exception list, the payment is complete, or like after I mean the trial is done, and if you want to add more client, more trainees, trainers, so he can have a plan, monthly subscription plan, something like that, so that's the long term goal, but, but I want to implement a thorough product, which will help the gym owners to track the personal trainings, same thing, like for the trainers, should be able to track their things, so in a solid way and easy to maintain.

Speaker 1  12:46  
I don't want to, the app looks like a complex and to use, but it has to be very simple way, just to just to fix this use case. What I said, and in a neat, nice-looking way, so come up with I don't know the high-level documents for me to show these requirements to other jumbo owner and ask their opinion. Also, I want one more help from you. Check if in the existing world, is there any other app something close to what we are planning to develop right now and compare if there are any challenges that we are solving rather than the existing available tools in the market if there are any, and, and I want to come up with, I don't want to develop a duplicate product of any existing one, but, but what we are offering in any way, so I want your comparison with the existing apps, something of this kind, right, and put together that what are we solving, what unique features that we, we are doing better than others that are in the application, and how it is going to help the owner and trainers in a nice presentable way to convince the other gym owners, and at the same time come up with the requirements document, so that I, if I want to give that to AI tool, either. Cordex or the cursor or the Claude Claude agents too, so it will come up with the solid application development. Alright, so I want you to put together a nice business requirements plan in a detailed way to give it to the AI to as detail as you can add any nice features that I want to, I will go through, and then you can make the changes needed, but but here is the whole idea, and yeah, let's start working on it. I will add if I have any more thoughts. So that's all for now. Let's get started,

Unknown Speaker  15:48  
I.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
